README.md, before:

# CS262-CalvinRank

To elevate the dining and eating experiences, Calvin students, professors, and faculty would benefit from using this platform to rank their preferred food and drinks from the variety of dining services available on Calvin University’s campus. 

Due to the expensive nature of Calvin’s meal plans, upperclassmen students prefer to cook their own meals, and students required to have the default, basic plans are more likely to order takeout meals, leading to food waste in the dining halls. This new app, Knight Bites, is a revolutionary product that benefits both the students and dining halls. 

Students can view available products served at the five major food joints: 

- Knollcrest Dining
- Commons Dining
- UpperCrust
- Johnny’s
- Peet’s Coffee

Available products in these places will be able to be rated from 1 to 5 stars, and its average rating will be displayed for all users. Similarly to Eatable, Calvin’s dining hall app, Knight Bites will list the available products at each area, though Knight Bites does not allow students to order ahead, but rather is used as a catalyst to evaluate the popularity of the daily food choices. 

We hope that our app will incentivize students to visit the dining halls more often and help the dining halls know what foods are well liked in real time. In the future, Knight Bites would also be useful for real time rankings if a dining hall wanted to experiment the popularity of a new food, allowing dining services to evaluate whether the particular dish should stay in the weekly rotation or phased out. 

By providing prompt feedback, Knight Bites will foster connections between dining services and Calvin University students, all while allowing the dining halls to adapt to student preference and need.

Team Members:

- Peter Lund
- Lujia (Sylvia) Li
- Jacob Tocila
- Lily McAboy
- David Barry
- Kenneth Howes

Commit message:

Updated README with VL's Suggestions

README.md, after:

# CS262-CalvinRank

At Calvin University, students, professors, and faculty face challenges regarding campus food options, such as navigating expensive meal plans and finding foods that meet their dietary requirements and preferences. This has led to upperclassmen students preferring to cook their own meals, and students required to have the default, basic plans are more likely to order takeout meals, leading to food waste in the dining halls as the dining halls cook based on how many students purchase a meal plan. This results in too much perishable food being cooked during a specific meal, but not enough students show up to meet the supply. Knight Bites addresses these issues by providing a platform where Calvin's community can rate and review food offerings, allowing them to make informed choices about their dining options.

Available products in the major food locations (Johnny's, Knollcrest Dining, Commons Dining, Uppercrust, and Peet's) will be able to be rated from 1 to 5 stars, and its average rating will be displayed for all users. Similarly to Eatable, Calvin’s dining hall app, Knight Bites will list the available products at each area, though Knight Bites does not allow students to order ahead, but rather is used as a catalyst to evaluate the popularity of the daily food choices. Average ratings can help indecisive students identify well liked menu items and provide suggestions on what to order. The dining halls will be able to view feedback and can make decisions on what foods to phase out or make in lesser quantities. This loop will potentially reduce food waste and increase visits to the dining halls. By providing prompt feedback, Knight Bites will foster connections between dining services and Calvin University students, all while allowing the dining halls to adapt to student preference and need.

Team Members:

- Peter Lund
- Lujia (Sylvia) Li
- Jacob Tocila
- Lily McAboy
- David Barry
- Kenneth Howes
